The following is the procedure to create a simple spring framework.

1. Open any IDE, in my case I used Eclipse.
2. Go to file -> new -> create maven project
3. select the workspace , catalog as internal -> archetype as quickstart for corejava project .
4. Provide ArtifactId which is the name of the project , then GroupId as package name finish

Note: if the project struck at 33% build process in the console type "y" then your project will be built successfully 

5. By default you will get App.java file in the folder of src/main/java
6. select the pom.xml file add the dependencies of spring either from the spring.io website or you can get it from maven repository.
7. Copy the dependencies and paste in the dependencies in the pom.xml file.
8. go to the project right click on it -> go to maven ->update maven project.
9. create two classes one for car.java and the other for bike.com
10. Now create a interface named as vehicle 
11. The two classes should implements the vehicle as interface
12. In App.java file in order to achieve dependency injection create a getbean method which is their in the BeanFactory as well as ApplicationContect interface
13. If we want to build small projects we can go for BeanFactor or for enterprise level we can go for Application Context
14. Application context is the super class of BeanFactory 
15. If we get any compile time error first check all the dependencies related to springframework.
16. Also check the imports related to the code.
17. While using ApplicationContext on the right side of the code having new keyword mention the xml file that we create in invited code.
18. Create a xml file -> as the user is creating the xml file , it first uses the customs tags
19. Beans is the root tag of xml file , inside the beans we have one more tag as bean 
20. Inside bean tag mention the id , class either if we want to use car or bike with complete package.
21. Also in the root tag that is Beans mention the spring framework definition , for customs tags we need to use definitions. 
22. Then run the file which is having main



----------------------Finally this is the one type of configuration , that is by use of xml-------------------